fix(android/engine): Update deprecated call to switch system keyboard for Android P 🍒-pick of #3353 (#3358)
keymanapp/keyman: android/history.md

# Keyman for Android Version History

## 2020-07-17 13.0.6216 stable
* Bug fix:

>   * Update deprecated call to switch system keyboard for Android P (#3358)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Make sure switch to system keyboard works on lock screen for Android P (#3358)
```
